you
hi guys today I'm doing my second
Halloween tutorial and I think you can
tell who I am and it will be in the
description bar of course and but yes so
going for the Black Swan inspired look I
really hope you like it I was really
quite nervous to do it because it looks
really complicated on the picture but
when you start doing it it's like this
side took me a while because I did this
side first but then this side I was like
okay I know I'm doing now it was fine
but I've also added these really I don't
know if you can see them very well but
they're like feathers like these
eyelashes and feathers because I know
that'll apartment doesn't really have
any mascara on hardly it's kind of
really subtle the mascara even though
the rest of the makeup is in and I
thought it would be cool just to add
something romantic and bird-like and
because it's for Halloween you want to
be really like crazy so yeah I really
hope you enjoyed this and give it a
thumbs up if you liked it and always
leave me a comment and don't forget to
subscribe because I love all my
subscribers so why don't you join in and
I hope you like this and I'll speak to
you next week so first of all I'm using
a snazaroo white face paint and I use a
foundation brush but it will be so
interested to use a sponge I didn't have
one so I had to use that but the
foundation brush made little streaks so
be a lot better to use Bunge I then
bring it down my neck but you could
bring it a bit further down just to make
yourself really pale and relax one like
and then would set back with a white
powder but I didn't film that I forgot
to film it but then I'm going onto my
brow bar to go and I'm using that to
hollow out the cheeks so make my
cheekbones a lot more defined than they
are and it looks really obvious it's a
contoured but you know it's Halloween
it's supposed to be traumatic and then
I'm using my Clinique
berry pop cheek pop blush um and it's
really pink and I'm popping it on to the
apples of my cheeks and just going up
towards my temple a little bit now on to
the most fun part and I'm using a gel
liner with an angled brush and I'm just
carving out the shape that I want and
I'm starting from the my eyebrow and
it down towards like the size of my nose
which I then go up to the my tear duct
area and yeah you can kind of see what
I'm doing you just have to follow the
shape and at first it's quite like scary
cuz you think oh man we're gonna start
but then you can just start seeing what
you're doing and I do all these like
branches first like the February
branches I know it's bright feathers but
yeah so I like wing all the area route
and just keep February and out the shape
and then I just fill it all in
to how I think it should go and don't
worry if you make any mistakes cuz look
like I'm doing here I'm just sharpening
up that area because I made a little bit
of a smudgy mistake but yeah you can
always go back to it and then yeah it's
pretty self-explanatory what I'm doing
I'm just making some shapes and then
joining up all the outer feathers with
all the shapes and I'm just sort of just
winging it really
also when you're doing this look don't
be hard on yourself I mean it doesn't
have to be perfect it's not supposed to
be really amazingly perfect because it's
kind of like it supposed to be quite
scary and dark and so don't worry if you
make some little mistakes because one no
one's perfect and two you don't need to
be perfect now I'm just running some
black eyeshadow under my lower lashline
and then a red eyeshadow just to make it
a bit more spooky then I'm just going in
with a paint brush and a wet eyeshadow
and it's like a turquoise a green
eyeshadow and I'm just going in random
areas and just like putting small
dimension to the eye now we're in my
paint brush again and I'm going in with
a purple eyeshadow well not just yet in
a minute I go in with a purple eyeshadow
just add some more texture and it makes
you look more like a bird I think I'm
just in areas just filling in just
keeping some of the bits white and now
I'm going in with the white foundation
which I'm using just to highlight the
area a bit more just to add some my
depth and dimension to the eye then I'm
gonna grab my Urban Decay glitter
eyeliner and I'm just gonna pop that
just all over the eye but not all over
the eye in certain places of the eye
like I am you can see just to even give
it more highlight give it more depth
just make it stand out and pop I think
this really helps that I just come alive
as you can see and really sort of makes
it just give the light just hits it in
the right places and I just think it
looks really cool then I'm just putting
a tiny bit of mascara on because it's
not report min hardly house anyone's
gonna run and then you could leave it oh
actually no lipstick and I'm using this
wet wild one could black cherry and I'm
just putting that on my lips and then
I'm gonna grab a blending brush and put
some black eye shadow on it and then
just put it on the ends of the edges of
my lips and then run it into the inner
corners a little bit of no extra product
on just so it looks dark and deep but
the middle bit is kind of left so you
can leave it like that or you can do
what I did next
some really dramatic eyelashes check
those out they're like wings i think
thats so funky and cool they look really
bird-like so I had to add them but yeah
I really hope you enjoyed this tutorial
and I'll speak to you soon if you
recreate any of my Halloween looks I do
then just tag me on my Instagram or
Twitter and my Instagram is J bone 89
and my twitter is jordan bone 1 because
that'd be really cool just to see if
I've helped you in some way this
Halloween I hope you have a great
Halloween and like I said I'll speech
you next week